Hello everybody, this is Garrett Grollemund.
I'm very excited to be providing a two-day train-the-trainer course at the 2019 rstudio
conference.
I'm going to be joined by my colleague Mine Chetankaya-Rundell, and between the two of
us, we'll be teaching you how to teach R in workshop settings, and then how to specialize
in teaching either the Tidyverse or Shiny.
So I spend my time at rstudio teaching people how to use R, specifically the Tidyverse,
in the Past R Markdown and Shiny, but rarely do I get to teach people how to teach, and
those are the thoughts that are closest to my heart.
It's sort of a naughty secret in the industry that corporate training, especially in a workshop
format, is not very successful, but there is such a need for corporations to hire trainers
to come in to teach their employees how to do data science or how to code with R. There's
a huge shortage of R programmers and data scientists, and at the moment, the university
system can't supply the demand.
So what do we do?
Well, we need to learn how to teach R effectively in a workshop setting, and luckily, here at
rstudio, we have lots of experience doing that, and lots of opinions on how you could
do it well.
So in this workshop, I'll be teaching you the things that I've used in my workshops
to win awards, to create happy students, and to, I hope, succeed better than what's
average in the corporate training world.
We'll be looking at things like how to build mental maps for your students to use, how
to give them the sort of details that they will rely on after the workshop, but there's
no hope of them really memorizing in completion during your one or two day workshop.
We'll look at learning theory, we'll look at how to design a course to keep your students
motivated and interested, and how to deliver your content in a way that the students will
remember, in a way that works with how the human brain is set up.
And then finally, we'll look at how you could use some technology, such as RStudio Cloud
or Learner Tutorials, to actually increase how much your students will go remember after
the workshop.
This is where workshops are working against us.
You only have a limited amount of time with your students, but it takes time and repetition
and forgetting and remembering and coming back to a subject before a student can really
master it.
We can't deliver that in half a day, one day, two days, but we can use technology to follow
up with the students and help them build those neural connections that will go make your
material last and persist in their memory, and I want to show you how to do that.
So I encourage you to visit the RStudio conference website and read my workshop description,
as well as the descriptions of my colleagues' workshops.
I look forward to seeing you at the conference.